# Deliverable 0 - Project ideas

**Name: Jose Manuel Cortes**

---

## Preface
I tend to like software and technology that is seem as extremely practical so alot of my ideas revolve around notions of monitoring or automating certain processes. I always loved being able to create something to serve a important purposes without seeming to cumbersome or gimmicky. I like messing around with hardware when possible but I think since pandemic and scale that I would want to implement I refrained from ideas involving to much hardware for the moment.

## Greenhouse Management Software
The idea came about my Girlfriend's desire to open her own Greenhouse buisness eventually after college. The general audiance would be aimed towards those who run Greenhouses or potentially anyone with interest within that field of work. The idea is to create software meant to monitor and automate certain aspects of a greenhouse along with proving an inventory system that could be infaced with an GUI or API. The idea would be it runs like a server and could be accessed from local area network or internet depending on client. There is hardware involved with the monitoring system since it would need microcontrollers to collect data such as tempature or humdity so appropriate actions could be take. I would like it to be interfaced or generate reports of status via a mobile app with a desktop counterpart. In terms of rating this idea I woudl give it a solid 4.

## Extreme Privacy App
Privacy has always been a major concern and expecially with the rise of ***Big Tech*** and the adverse effect it has on private chats. There does exist some semi-solutions for that but typically are half-baked or suppressed. Facebook messenger for example has a feature for destructable private chats that end-to-end encrypted with themselves having timed destrucable messages. Though I never usually see them promote it or atleast inform their communities on certain security features being implemented or lack there of. My general idea would be to create an app that runs on either desktop or phones meant to be a hub for privacy information, end-to-end encypted chats that are stored only for 24 hour period or if possible hosted locally on one's phones. The accounts for said application would require use of 2-factor authentication and other such top-end security practices. The clientle I am aiming for would be really anyone privacy conscious or possibly workplaces that just require high amounts of security or discretion when it comes to certain topics. I would give this idea a good 4 - 5 rating since I am torn on whether it sounds like a good fessable idea.

## Parental Network Monitor
The idea is the place a small computer like a rasberrypi to act as some form a passthough to monitor all incoming and outgoing traffic within someone's network specifically tailored to look out for question content being passed though the network. It would monitor and alert a parent in the household if there are sites being visited with questionable content and propose either some limit or blacklisting of said site. There could also be currated filters made by anyone willing to explore and post them for said application or ones generated by amount of clients reporting said site or hazard to their kids. This is really just aimed for parents who don't know or want to deal with the basic and often frustrating blacklist/whitelist feature on modern routers. I give this idea like a 2.5.

## Summary Choice
I believe my prefered idea would be the "extreme privacy app" since I have vested concerened in privacy and concerned about terrible security pracatices. One of my major goals would essentially making everything as ironclad as possible. Though my concern would be networking as it always confuses me on how communication between devices should occur. I am still thinking it over so I am not sure of all my goals for such an application.